Make simple authorization docs more clear about the classes and APIs it uses (#9112)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/api/io.strimzi.api.kafka.model.KafkaAuthorizationSimple.adoc

> Simple authorization in Strimzi uses the `AclAuthorizer` and `StandardAuthorizer` plugins, the default Access Control Lists (ACLs) authorization plugin provided with Apache Kafka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simple authorization, Strimzi uses Kafka's built-in authorization plugins: the `StandardAuthorizer` for KRaft mode and the `AclAuthorizer` for ZooKeeper-based cluster management.
```

Reviewer: Might be useful to make the distinction in this section.

Author: What do you mean with distinction here?

Author: Oh, I guess that was an explanation tot he suggestion above which looks good. Thanks.
